[DataGrid] Allow to programmatically sort unsortable columns (#11512)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/api-object/api-object.md

## Common use cases

> ### Access the disabled column features

Reviewer: I we could state more clearly that the flags control the UI just like `[disabled]` controls an `input[type=text]`. Not sure if it's better on each flag's section or here.

Author: I wanted to add it here along with each section and possibly an upcoming FAQ section to have better discoverability.

> You can use access the disabled features of a column (e.g. hiding, sorting, filtering, pinning, grouping, etc) dynamically using `initialState`, controlled models or the API object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can control the disabled features of a column (e.g. hiding, sorting, filtering, pinning, grouping, etc) programmatically using `initialState`, controlled models, or the API object.
```

In the example below, API object is used to build a custom sorting for the _firstName_ column which is not sortable by the default grid UI (i.e `colDef.sortable` property is set to `false`).

```tsx

> function CustomDataGrid(props) {
>   const apiRef = useGridApiRef();
> 
>   const columns = [{ field: 'rating', sortable: false }, ...otherColumns];

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const columns = [{ field: 'rating', sortable: false }, ...otherColumns];

function CustomDataGrid(props) {
  const apiRef = useGridApiRef();

```
